♪ ♪
♪ PICTURE PERFECT YOU
DON'T NEED NO FILTER ♪
♪ GORGEOUS MAKE THEM
DROP DEAD YOU A KILLER ♪
♪ SHOWER YOU WITH
ALL MY ATTENTION ♪
♪ YEAH, THESE ARE MY
ONLY INTENTIONS ♪
♪ STAY IN THE KITCHEN COOKING
UP GOT YOUR OWN BREAD ♪
♪ HEART FULL OF EQUITY
YOU'RE AN ASSET ♪
♪ MAKE SURE THAT YOU
DON'T NEED NO MENTIONS ♪
♪ YEAH, THESE ARE MY
ONLY INTENTIONS ♪
♪ SHOUT OUT, TO YOUR MOM,
AND DAD, FOR MAKING YOU ♪
♪ STANDING OVATION, THEY DID
A GREAT JOB RAISING YOU ♪
♪ WHEN I CREATE,
YOU'RE MY MUSE ♪
♪ THE KIND OF SMILE,
THAT MAKES THE NEWS ♪
♪ CAN'T NOBODY THROW SHADE
ON YOUR NAME IN THE STREETS ♪
♪ TRIPLE THREAT, YOU A BOSS,
YOU A BAE, YOU A BEAST ♪
♪ YOU MAKE IT
EASY TO CHOOSE ♪
♪ YOU GOT A MEAN TOUCH,
I CAN'T REFUSE ♪
♪ NO I CAN'T REFUSE IT ♪
♪ PICTURE PERFECT YOU
DON'T NEED NO FILTER ♪
♪ GORGEOUS MAKE THEM
DROP DEAD YOU A KILLER ♪
♪ SHOWER YOU
WITH ALL MY ATTENTION ♪
♪ YEAH, THESE ARE MY
ONLY INTENTIONS ♪
♪ STAY IN THE KITCHEN COOKING
UP GOT YOUR OWN BREAD ♪
♪ HEART FULL OF EQUITY
YOU'RE AN ASSET ♪
♪ MAKE SURE THAT YOU
DON'T NEED NO MENTIONS ♪
♪ YEAH, THESE ARE
MY ONLY INTENTIONS ♪
♪ ALREADY PASS YOU
DON'T NEED NO APPROVAL ♪
♪ GOOD EVERYWHERE DON'T
WORRY ABOUT NO REFUSAL ♪
♪ SECOND TO NONE YOU
GOT THE UPPER HAND NOW ♪
♪ DON'T NEED A SPONSOR
NOPE YOU THE BRAND NOW ♪
♪ YOU'RE MY ROCK ♪
♪ MY COLORADO ♪
♪ GET THAT RING ♪
♪ JUST LIKE TORONTO ♪
♪ LOVE YOU NOW ♪
♪ A LITTLE MORE TOMORROW ♪
♪ THIS HOW I FEEL ♪
♪ ACT LIKE YOU KNOW
THAT YOU ARE ♪
♪ PICTURE YOU PERFECT
YOU DON'T NEED NO FILTER ♪
♪ GORGEOUS MAKE THEM
DROP DEAD YOU'RE A KILLER ♪
♪ SHOWER YOU WITH
ALL MY ATTENTION ♪
♪ YEAH, THESE ARE
MY ONLY INTENTIONS ♪
♪ STAY IN THE KITCHEN COOKING
UP GOT YOUR OWN BREAD
(WHIP IT) ♪
♪ HEART FULL OF EQUITY YOU
ARE AN ASSET (ASSET) ♪
♪ MAKE SURE THAT YOU DON'T NEED
NO MENTIONS (YEAH YEAH) ♪
♪ YEAH, THESE ARE MY
ONLY INTENTIONS (QUAVO) ♪
♪ NO CAP NO PRETENDING ♪
♪ YOU DON'T NEED
MENTIONS (LOOK OUT) ♪
♪ GOT THEM SAME GOALS ♪
♪ THEY DON'T WANT TO BE
INDEPENDENT (INDENT) ♪
♪ TELL THEM TO MIND
YOUR BUSINESS ♪
♪ WE IN OUR FEELINGS ♪
♪ IT'S 50 50
PERCENT IN (FIFTY) ♪
♪ ATTENTION WE NEED
COMMITMENT (OH) ♪
♪ WE GOTTA BOTH
ADMIT IT (BOTH) ♪
♪ IT'S FUNNY WE
BOTH LISTEN (BOTH) ♪
♪ IT'S A BLESSING CAUSE
WE BOTH GET IT (BOTH) ♪
♪ YOU THE BEST THING AND
I DON'T NEED A WITNESS
(BEST THING) ♪
♪ IMMA FIND ME A RING AND
PRAY IT'S PERFECT FITTED
(PERFECT PERFECTPERFECT) ♪
♪ PICTURE PERFECT YOU
DON'T NEED NO FILTER ♪
♪ GORGEOUS MAKE THEM
DROP DEAD YOU A KILLER ♪
♪ SHOWER YOU
WITH ALL MY ATTENTION
(I WILL) ♪
♪ YEAH, THESE ARE MY
ONLY INTENTIONS ♪
♪ STAY IN THE KITCHEN COOKING
UP GOT YOUR OWN BREAD ♪
♪ HEART FULL OF EQUITY
YOU'RE AN ASSET ♪
♪ MAKE SURE THAT YOU
DON'T NEED NO MENTIONS ♪
♪ YEAH, THESE ARE
MY ONLY INTENTIONS ♪
♪ ONLY INTENTIONS ♪
♪ THAT'S ALL I PLAN TO DO ♪
♪ ♪